Goodbye!
Have a good trip, Oloukine!
Oloukine!
Come with me.
- Oh no, it was brand new!
- Quiet down!
What can you read there?
"Oloukine Library"
The library will
have my grandfather's name,
- do you realize?
- Yes, it's definitely him.
The same joyful look.
Oh!
It's beautiful!
He got it during
his expedition among the Inuits.
- Is it ivory?
- No, it's reindeer poop.
But the most beautiful piece is here.
Wonderful.
Thanks to this, he was able to cross
the Northeast Passage.
You know!
Between the Atlantic and the Pacific!
A first, in Russia!
But his dream
was the North Pole.
Come on, captain, to the helm!
Where is the North Pole?
At the very North of the globe.
It's very cold, and absolutely desertic.
You have to walk on the
ice field for kilometers
with sleds and dogs,
but it's so beautiful.
And then, what do we do?
We plant the flag!
Planting the Russian flag
was his obsession,
he loved his country so much.
He died as a hero.
You can be proud of him.
Oh no!
- We're going to get caught!
- No, come!
And finally, Prince Tomsky, let's end
the visit with the Oloukine Library.
We'll inaugurate it in a month.
Very imposing statue, just like
the man himself, by the way,
pretty megalomaniac.
Megalomaniac, I don't know, but
a man of character for sure!
And above all, a great explorer,
that sacrificed his life
for the conquest of the pole.
Still no trace of his ship?
Sadly no, we still haven't found the Davaï.
Oh yes, the Davaï, that icebreaker
that cost the Empire a fortune,
and was supposed unsinkable.
A huge waste of money, what a shame.
He's the Tsar's new scientific advisor.
The women of the court
are crazy about him.
The Tsar too! He swears by him.
A real daddy's boy.
If the Davaï was so worthless,
the Tsar wouldn't have promised
one million roubles for its recovery!
I'm sorry, Loujine, but
the Academy can't
name its most beautiful
library after Oloukine.
I don't care about
my predecessor's decisions.
May I remind you that
Oloukine insulted my uncle?
We can't do that to
the Count Tchernetsov!
His son-in-law?
He wants to become ambassador in
Rome, he won't make a scandal.
But the Tchernetsov are very
influential in Saint Petersburg!
Influential? I don't care, Loujine.
I want to settle the matter quickly.
Let them know that I'll attend
their daughter's ball tonight.
Big news, dear,
Prince Tomsky will be there tonight.
My nomination in Rome
is probably imminent,
else he wouldn't come.
Don't forget it's also your
daughter's first ball.
Of course not. I hope she'll
be worthy of her rank.
She's so hard to predict.
My father's death devastated her,
she's only starting to accept it.
Maybe her ball will take
her mind off things.
Did you ask to see me, father?
Prince Tomsky will honor us with his presence tonight.
You'll open the ball with him.
Very well.
A real young lady.
The Count and Countess Alinovitch.
The Duke and Duchess Baranovski.
Finally! Where were you?
Isn't that Ouloukine's gift?
The Prince Vladimir Tomsky.
Your Highness, it's a great honor.
My respects, your ladyship.
And here's our daughter, Sasha.
It's her first ball.
Lovely. Madam.
Glad to be opening the ball with you, Prince.
Beautiful couple, don't you think?
- Look, Tomsky is with young Sasha.
- How charming!
He's the Tsar's new scientific advisor!
Prince, you're able to help me.
Really?
I can prove that we didn't look for
the Davaï at the right place.
Interesting, but could I be useful?
Only you could persuade the Tsar
to start the search again.
I'm leaving for Paris tomorrow, but be assured
that I'll address this once I'm back.
- How long will you be away?
- Three months.
Three months?
How was your waltz with Tomsky?
Look at what I found.
Oh no, not during your ball!
It proves that Oloukine
didn't cross the Kara Sea,
- but rather the Spitzberg!
- The Spitz-what? I don't get it!
Come dance!
It's simple! People think that in order
to go to the Pole, Oloukine
- went right there, but he went left!
- So what?
Then we've searched for the Davaï
at the wrong place!
Let's say you're right: can't you
wait until tomorrow?
No, Tomsky leaves tomorrow.
We've lost enough time, let's
settle that matter and leave.
Do you really think so?
It's his daughter's first ball!
Your Highness,
sorry to interrupt, but
I have to talk to you,
about my grandfather.
- I've told you—
- I know, your highness,
but during the winter, the access
to the Pole will be impossible,
and we won't be able
to find the Davaï.
The young lady pretends that Oloukine
took another path to the Pole.
It doesn't seem very convincing
to me, what do you think?
Yes, indeed...
You see, even he agrees with me!
Of course he is, he's afraid of you.
Young lady, you're being insolent!
Excuse me, I didn't want to be.
No one has ever talked to me that way.
This is intolerable.
Loujine, we're leaving.
This is an outrage!
I won't stay here any longer!
What's happening, Prince,
are you leaving?
- I won't be insulted by a fifteen years old.
- Father, this is false.
- I just said that in three months—
- Silence!
Prince, please, stay.
Enough. We'll settle that at the palace,
ten in the morning, tomorrow.
But you know, I wonder if the Tsar
still can trust a man
that can't even rule his own house.
You see, Loujine? That wasn't so hard.
Countess, please don't leave. Countess!
Can I help you, mother?
Your father has grounded you.
You were supposed to
stay in your room.
Please.
I was so happy this
reception took place.
Your first ball, what a waste.
Mom, please forgive me,
I didn't realize.
You're so much like
your grandfather.
Daddy was always starting scandals,
and never realized why we
were mad at him.
You know, I miss his fits of anger.
- Tell me it's sorted out.
- No.
Tomsky didn't want to know, no Rome
embassy, and no Oloukine Library.
If we found the Davaï, we
could make it up
to the Tsar!
- He promised one million roubles for it—
- Silence!
- I've heard enough for today—
- But I know how to find it.
- Why won't you believe me—
- Enough, quit dreaming!
You sound like him, and his North Pole!
His expedition was a total disaster!
He ruined both the Empire and us!
And you...
I had put so much hope in you
and yet you bring disgrace
upon our family!
Sasha?
Sasha!
Miss?
Tickets, please.
I beg you, gentlemen, please find her.
- You can bet on that.
- Good grief!
Olouk!
My Sashenka...
I'll take you with me for the
next expedition,
I promise you.
Careful!
You should be careful and watch
your steps, young lady!
Don't I deserve a kiss?
Come on, calm down, you would have
ended up in the water without me!
You should learn how to be
nicer with ladies, Katch!
- But I—
- Shut up and go.
You've got stuff to do,
we're leaving tonight.
- Isn't that a reinforced hull?
- It is.
You don't see those
often, around here.
It's beautiful.
Captain Larson, at your service.
Can I accompany you back somewhere?
It's not safe around here.
Captain, I'm looking for a ship
that could take me to the Franz Josef Land.
Franz Josef?
Why would such a pretty young lady
go somewhere so remote?
I'm expected there.
If you can pay, we could
make that work.
- Say, ten thousand roubles?
- But I don't have such an amount.
That's not a problem, couldn't someone
pay for you at the arrival?
No, look...
- My grandfather—
- Alright, seven thousand!
You won't find cheaper. Plus we're
the only ones leaving this week.
Captain, I'd like to, but I can't
pay you that amount.
They're so pretty.
Yes, they mean a lot to me.
- Do you think that—
- Sure!
It's way more than
enough for the trip.
I'll come get you at
the inn, there.
The White Bear.
- Mowson!
- Present.
- Briscoe!
- Maloney!
- Present.
- Katch!
Larson ?
Captain, the second is wrapping
up the hull inspection.
- It shouldn't take much—
- Present.
- Frenchy!
Gentlemen, to your places!
We're leaving in fifteen minutes.
- That wasn't the plan—
- Larson, being my brother doesn't
- exempt you from being on time.
- You should have told me!
The weather is turning bad,
we need to go.
- I was about to win big—
- No time for your scams!
That boat is mine too, father
handed it down to—
Do you think it's that easy?
Be a good second, first.
Anything else?
Maid?
Could you bring me a new lead?
Sorry, miss, but there's no maid here,
only a boss, and her name is Olga.
I can't do anything about your lead,
here we drink, eat, and that's all,
what can I get you?
I'm waiting for the captain
of the Norge.
I didn't know Lund had such
a young girlfriend!
Lund? Isn't his name Larson?
Larson?
He's just the second, always
ready to brag.
Where was he supposed
to bring you?
The Franz Josef Land.
And you managed to fell for that!
- What's the matter with that bourgeoise?
- She's after Larson, from the Norge.
The Norge is already gone, they left
about ten minutes ago.
I think you forgot something.
I packed up your maps.
You shouldn't have too much regrets, Lund wouldn't
have taken a woman onboard anyway.
It doesn't matter anymore.
You'll see clearer tomorrow.
- For now, you need to eat and sleep.
- But I don't have any money,
Larson took everything.
What about your parents?
I can't ask them.
I can provide you with food
and a place to sleep,
- but you'll have to work!
- Work?
Yes, at the inn, cleaning up, cooking...
I'm guessing you never did all that,
by looking at your hands.
Alright, can we go?
What about your bag?
Did you expect me to
carry it around?
Wake up, princess!
- It's still night!
- No, it's five.
I have been awake for half an hour.
- Could you pass me my dress?
- I found you that blouse.
I'll keep your dress for now, I don't
want you running away.
Cheer up, I've brought some pork kacha
to start off the day.
- Do you have blinis?
- Do you want some caviar, with those?
I give you ten minutes.
- Olga, did you forget me?
- Calm down, it's coming!
- The Goloubsty is becoming impatient!
- Yes, I just finished preparing.
- Did you do as I told you?
- Yes.
I'm tired of cooking, couldn't I
serve the tables?
- My housekeeper showed me!
- You know, they aren't blue bloods,
- they don't know good manners.
- Good, that'll be easier!
You're wrong.
Go ahead, bring drinks
to the back table.
Thanks!
- What about my beans?
- They're coming!
I've been waiting for
fifteen minutes!
Yes, yes!
- Here!
- I'm coming.
I asked for a beer, not wine!
Are you sure, don't you
want to taste it?
- It's very good, you know.
- Then drink it yourself!
Alright, you've worked enough.
I honestly thought you wouldn't make it.
Will you give me my dress back?
So, what are you going to do?
I'll get back home, in Saint Petersburg.
With Mommy and Daddy? Some guy steals your
earrings, and you crawl back home?
- I expected more from Oloukine's granddaughter.
- How do you know?
The police is looking for you.
They came here with a few questions,
but I've said nothing.
I also know you want to find the Davaï.
You shouldn't have left
your maps on that table!
I couldn't help but take a look.
You need to get on the Norge,
Larson owes you.
Lund is a great sailor, you know,
he can get you to the Davaï.
Those thirty days will fly by!
With all the work I'll give you,
you won't get bored!
Cheers!
We were pitching so much,
it was unbelievable!
You, pitching a lot?
- The Norge! I didn't
expect you so early.
The hunt was pretty bad,
we cut it short.
I hope you still have
something for us, Olga!
Don't worry about that. Where's Lund?
- No idea.
- I bet you two got in an argument again.
- As always, he didn't appreciate—
- Enough of that, Larson.
Hello Olga.
- They arrived.
- I've heard.
I've prepared the glasses.
I'll manage that, you go put
your pretty dress!
My dress?
You'll be more at ease
than in that rag.
But I'm not ashamed of it.
- Let me introduce you to Lund.
- No, you've helped me enough.
- Plus he doesn't look like a monster.
- He has his character, be careful.
Stop that!
The Davaï sank, we can
at least display that!
You're wrong, the Davaï
is unsinkable.
Look, you're cute, but we spent
three months looking for that thing,
so when we tell you it sank—
- You were at the wrong spot.
- She's even going to find it for us.
Yes I will.
Why do you think we were
at the wrong spot?
This,
the itinerary that Oloukine followed.
Where did you find this?
I am Sasha Tchernetsov, his granddaughter.
I found it in his room.
Captain, Olga told me that you could
help me to find the Davaï.
She's a brave girl,
please listen to her.
So, if we take account of that data,
we know that he did halt
in Novaya Zemlya.
But then, instead of crossing the
Kara Sea as expected,
he tried going West, by
the Barents Sea.
And it's probably there, between
Franz Josef and the Spitsbergen,
- that he got stuck in the ice.
- Alright.
Let's admit that he
did write this thing.
Let's admit that he did think about another
path, through the Barents Sea.
- How can we know he actually took it?
- He had to!
The climatic conditions of the Kara Sea
were awful, I've checked!
The wind was blowing at force ten.
I can assure you, the
Davaï didn't sink.
He's waiting for you, just like the million
roubles that the Tsar promised!
One million divided by ten, that's almost
one hundred thousand each!
Quit dreaming, you're not the
one that will share it.
Winter is coming, we'll be
leaving tomorrow.
You'll only have to
wait a few weeks.
- But I'm going with you!
- No way.
But why? I can help you!
I know everything about this
region, ask me anything, I—
The surface area of the Kara Sea, three
hundred and fourty thousand square miles.
- The latitude of the Spitsbergen—
- What about the age of the captain?
Thirty eight and a half.
I know everything.
Mowson has a tattoo on the left buttock.
Frenchy is an amazing cook
but a terrible singer.
- And Briscoe—
- Don't waste your time.
I've made my decision. Don't worry,
you'll have your share.
I don't care about that
money, you can keep it.
It's only about my family's honor.
Plus, I've already paid for the trip,
didn't I, Captain Larson?
What's that about?
Well, I—
Oloukine gifted me with those
earrings, they had a lot of value.
Give her back!
I can't. I—
Lost them gambling.
Tomorrow. Four in the morning.
Don't be late.
All aboard!
We did it.
He's a man of honor, he had
to take you with him.
But you might pay the price.
Careful.
- Sorry.
- Out of the way!
Looks like Oloukine's granddaughter
doesn't have sea legs.
Briscoe, take her downstairs!
Here's your cabin, Princess.
- Where are we?
- It's the quarantine cabin.
Don't complain, it's our
only vacant bed.
We're setting sails,
we're setting sails!
- I put her in the quarantine cabin.
- Hopefully she'll stay there.
Navy, are we headed for it?
- You're sure?
- Yes captain, but the current is strong!
Good.
Hey, what are you doing here?
Calm down, sit.
Stop!
Looks like you've found each
other. Meet Shakle.
When he's not stealing, he's eating
the cordage, so he's grounded.
Shakle!
Frenchy! Frenchy!
Frenchy! Frenchy! Frenchy!
Hello, my name's Frenchy,
trust me, I make a pretty good gravy!
Did you eat something?
Yes, in my cabin.
You're sure you can talk to me?
I do what I want.
The view is better up there, you know.
Are you scared?
As you want!
- You would be safer if you grabbed me.
- Just stop making everything move!
The view is already pretty
good from here, I guess.
Damn, you're fast!
I thought your thing was sewing,
not potato peeling!
Olga taught me.
So you did work a month
at the White Bear?
And I was taking you for a stuck-up!
I need to go.
You're forgetting this.
Would you look at that
little playboy over here?
Look at you! She's just way
above your league.
Well at least I didn't scam her!
- I know she likes me.
- Larson!
Don't you have
something to do?
- That girl is—
- Off her back.
- This looks bad, let's change course.
- No.
Everyone on the deck!
Lower the sail!
Drop the jibs!
She must go in her cabin,
she can't stay here.
- Captain's Orders!
- I'm fine!
I risk nothing!
Watch out!
Careful, guys!
Fasten that thing, damnit!
Maloney, Briscoe!
Up there, quick!
- Come on, get up!
- What's happening?
Two guys are injured, we need the cabin.
You'll sleep with the crew.
You wanted to be a sailor,
right? There you go.
I'm telling you, the only thing she'll
achieve is causing us bad luck.
- Didn't she help you, earlier?
- We would have made it without her.
Hello. The second has
sent me here.
Come in, your bed is right there.
They don't smell amazing, but
they're really not mean.
Katch, the ices, wake up!
Look, Olouk.
We made it.
Ice field straight ahead!
Everybody, get ready!
Full ahead!
Come on, push, push harder!
Stop, we're running aground!
Full astern!
- Stop, stop!
- Stop!
We must hurry!
- Come on, guys.
- Catch this!
No time for dreaming, get to work!
The rudder is free!
Everybody on board!
Full ahead!
Captain!
A lifeboat to the port side!
We can't see, I'll go
take a look.
Captain, can I come with you?
I know those lifeboats.
Maloney, with me!
Larson!
This place is dangerous.
If we're not back in an
hour, leave without us.
Do you really want to come?
It could be unpleasant.
It's been there for at least a year.
Did it belong to the Davaï?
They capsized.
I figured out.
But you were right, the Davaï
did take that path.
The fog is rising.
Let's get back.
They're taking too long.
How much time?
Almost two hours.
The hull can't take that much
longer, we need to move.
We'll leave when I say so.
There, look!
There they are!
Look out!
Up there, damnit!
- Move from there!
- What's he saying?
Move!
Careful!
Full ahead!
- Damn, Sasha, get out of here!
- I'm coming!
- I took the maps.
- Good.
Now go help the others.
- We have to get the sails out of that ice.
- Larson!
Get the dynamite and come here.
- I told you to leave.
- I couldn't let you die!
- You'd have done the same thing!
- Don't dream!
I'd never have sacrificed the boat.
Look at the situation
you've put us in!
Get to cover!
Lund!
Larson!
So?
He's badly injured.
And we lost the penicillin.
- I don't know what to do.
- We need to find the Davaï!
We'll find medicine aboard.
Larson, we need to talk.
- We won't last a week.
- Cut the rations in half.
Already done.
Make it work. And keep
that for yourself.
Our only solution is to get to
the Davaï by the land.
Look.
We found the lifeboat here.
When they left the Davaï, they
probably went south.
We should walk North from that point.
We can't be sure.
We should wait for another boat.
We don't have time.
- What do we do?
- We're done, we're all gonna die—
Calm down!
Listen, all. We have enough
food for two weeks.
No boat will come around
here until next year.
Staying here or going south,
it doesn't matter,
we wouldn't make it
through winter.
We have only one solution,
finding the Davaï.
- Forget that damn boat!
- We found a lifeboat, it's probably close.
I went through Oloukine's notes.
Two years ago, the winter
lasted a long time.
The Davaï is probably stuck
in the ice, North from here.
No boat can withstand
that kind of pressure!
It sank, like the Norge!
- That thing sank!
- Listen!
Its hull was designed to
withstand the ice!
- Olou—
- Shut up! This is all your fault!
- One more word and I swear—
- You swear what?
This?
My brother is right.
The Davaï is our only solution.
I'm fine, take care of them
rather than me.
And protect her.
Eighty-one degrees and six minutes,
it should be behind those mountains.
It's a hummock.
We don't have enough
food to make a detour,
we'll have to climb.
Let's keep going!
Come on, come on!
Good!
Come on!
Watch out!
Captain!
Captain.
His wound reopened, he
needs some rest.
Alright.
We'll make camp here!
No you won't!
- What?
- We're already three days late.
We're running out of food.
If you want to find the Davaï,
you need to leave right now.
But we can't just leave you here!
- You're the only one that can sail it!
- Larson will figure it out.
You know I don't have
your knowledge!
Enough, you should have already
been gone, it's an order!
You ain't in no shape
to give orders!
And now, am I more convincing?
Leave him here!
It's all his fault, a real captain wouldn't
have listened to that girl!
That's true, we're all going
to die here because of him!
They're right. Go away.
Move!
Alright, we pack up and leave!
We can't leave him here,
he's gonna die!
- That's his problem.
- You jerk!
I won't let you do that!
Nicely done.
Come on, let's move!
He'll be dead in two days.
- Sorry about what I said when—
- I'm the one that should apologize.
About your earrings.
I'm sorry, I really am.
- Give me that!
- You got more than me!
- You had your share!
- Yeah, sure!
We always get less than you!
Of course, Frenchy serves
his friends first!
Katch, look, it's the summit!
There's nothing! Where's the Davaï?
Sasha?
We need to get down!
Quick, the blizzard is coming.
I knew it, she has no idea
where we're going!
We're all gonna die!
- Move!
- You move!
It's my turn!
That's all?
And why does he have two plates?
It's Sasha's.
Even if she'll get all of us killed?
Are you mad? Give me that!
No, stop!
Give me that, I said!
Stop!
Damn kid, have you seen
what you've done?
Don't you dare touch my food!
Stop that, it's mine!
- It's not yours, it's on the ground!
- Oh yeah? Take that!
- Are you okay?
- Leave me!
It's all your fault!
"To Sasha Tchernetsov"
Sasha!
Shakle, where's Sasha?
Bring me to her!
Sasha!
Logbook, 13th April.
The men have stopped obeying me.
The winter ended up killing my authority.
They refused to pursue the
exploration, and to move
the provisions that would have
allowed our return any further.
21st May.
They embarked the lifeboats
and went South,
hoping to cross the path of a whaler.
Logbook, 2nd June.
Despite everything, I decided to take my chance.
I can't give up now.
I leave my ship behind me.
It will wait for me, at 87.2° 76.5°.
I know where the Davaï is!
There's nothing!
We should see it from here!
Nothing, I tell you!
88.7°...
Wait a second, plus the ice drift,
maybe...
25th July.
I'm getting close, I can feel it.
2nd August.
It's done.
The Pole is mine.
The hardest part is still to come.
16th September.
The blizzard has been raging for three days,
and my strength is giving out.
22nd October.
My trip is coming to an end.
I won't have the strength
to regain the Davaï.
It's so beautiful.
I wish you could see that, my Sasha.
Come on!
Pull!